---
title: Blog Week 6
layout: post
author: mark.calderan
permalink: /blog-week-6/
source-id: 1fJtoK1FXMyADOnMsI6gxHCvE9vupOHPC5n-R4BmOCnE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Blog Week </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>25/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No quiz questions done and only a bit of the goal calculator coded.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have finished the goal calculator and to have nearly completed the quiz questions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson we went through the goal calculator coding and I stayed behind because I didn't quite understand. This really helped because one I had listened I could then go back and do the code myself and didn’t have to rely on my partner knowing how to do it. Once I had finished that, I moved on the the quiz question and needed help, so I asked questions on how to code it which helped and allowed me to get the gist of the code. Once I had understood how it works, I could then code it more carefully and get it right.   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to stop thinking so much about pointless things. For example when I had started the quiz question  spent a lot of time thinking about what the question was going to be and I didn’t spend enough time actually thinking about what code I was writing. I also need to get the balance of asking for help right: don’t rely on other people but don’t not ask a question if you are really stuck. Even if you are a bit stuck, try not to ask for help and persevere.
       </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Don’t spend so much time thinking about pointless things when you could be spending the time thinking about what code you are going to write.
Don’t rely on others but don’t not ask if you are really stuck. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


